---
# ISO DATE FORMAT YYYY-MM-DD
date: 2021-02-02
version: v2
title: BC Gov SSO Service Migration
description: The pathfinder KeyCloak SSO service app will be migrated from the OCP 3 Platform to OCP 4 Silver cluster. 
---

## 2021-01-11

The BC Gov's KeyCloak app that provides SSO service to product teams, is now fully prepared to be migrated off of the old Openshift 3.11 (Pathfinder) cluster and transfered to the new Openshift 4.5 (Silver) cluster. This migration effort has been a work in progress since early fall to ensure the smoothest possible transition between the clusters.  

## Changes

- all instances of the **KeyCloak SSO app** will be migrated to the Openshift 4.5 (Silver) cluster
- this includes:
  - dev instance and its stateful data
  - test instance and its stateful data
  - prod instance and its stateful data
  - any internal testing instances as needed
- the migration will occur in stages with respect to the SSO instances with the first migration being that of the dev instances followed by test and production in **one week increments** 
- once the migration for an instance is complete it is __highly recommended__ that teams check their applications for normal operation and behaviour. 
- please note that login sessions will not be kept and thus requiring users to re-login.
- A ***minor version upgrade*** is included in this migration for several security patches, SSO version will be changed from `7.4.2.GA` to `7.4.4.GA`. There is no feature change expected. If you are using ***Keycloak Camunda Identity Provider Plugin***, please make sure that it's matching the newer version to avoid issues.

## More Information
- The __tentative__ dates for the migration are as follows:
  - January 28th 2021: Dev instance migration to OCP4.5
  - February 4th 2021: Test instance migration to OCP4.5
  - February 11th 2021: Prod instance migration to OCP4.5
- Type of Change: scheduled maintenance
- Service Bulletin No: in progress
- Impact Notes:
  - each migration will take place __outside of regular business hours__ between 6:30PM and 9:30PM.
  - when a migration is in progress the SSO service for the respective environment __will not be available during the maintenance window__ (approx. 3 hours)
  - when the service is migrated your applications __should behave normally__
  - __any sessions__ that existed prior to the migration activity will no longer be available once the migration is complete. Users and Service Accounts will need to re-login into their applications
  - any unexpected issues will be communicated promptly in the **#sso** RocketChat channel (https://chat.developer.gov.bc.ca/channel/sso). It is advisable that teams monitor this channel during business hours.
 